# 2300hrs, 1st of Mistfall 1892, Ruatis
- Ekra sends each of his friends home in his rented car
	- Rook decides to be dropped off near his nook. He sits down and a wave of pain and exhaustion washes over him as the injuries from the battle finally overcome his adrenaline. His mind fills with thoughts of getting back at the Arbys, but despite himself, it settles only on a memory from the cradle; his mother singing him a bedtime story in a voice and language he does not remember. He decides to get up and place his hand upon the dirt walls of the undercity to draw up another relic, something he does to calm down. However, as he does so, he finds himself holding a scrap of paper containing indecipherable runes in an ancient dialect of Common. He devotes the next few hours to trying to understand it, but after he does so all he sees is a lullaby from an ancient time. However, something about the structure piques his interest; he tries singing it in the same tune as his mother singing bedtime stories, and realises that this whole time, the memory he has of his mother singing was in a different dialect of Common; one used by the ancient people of Ilrinia. He feels shocked by this, but not too much; he's always known he was meant for greater things. Knowing he can't do anything about this right now, he feels a wave of exhaustion drift over him and begins to fall asleep in his hideout.
	- Phyrrah goes home to her shared apartment and feels the effects of the Green Raven finally and completely wear off. She tries shapeshifting into her gorilla form and feels a renewed strength and power coursing through her body. She tries to scare her roommate Sergen but he is unaffected as usual.
	- Fenrir is sent home, and sees his father who is still up worried sick about him, but quickly disappears inside the house, not wanting to see Ekra anymore.
	- Ekra, feeling guilty about forcing Fenrir deeper into his psychosis, drives outside the city to a big lake in the forest. He stays there throughout the night, meditating.
# 0800hrs, 2nd of Mistfall 1892, Yros
- The next day, Rook and Fenrir wake up and decide to skip school.
	- Rook sends a text to the groupchat telling the rest to meet him at his hideout after school to discuss what they should do about the Arbys.
	- Fenrir goes on Pandemonium and sees a post about the gory suicide of Squireseth Gaith, his childhood friend. He is shocked when he sees the post seems to be written to address someone, but quickly dismisses his thoughts as paranoia.
- Ekra, upon seeing that Rook and Fenrir decided to skip, contacts their principal. He asks if they can be given a day off from school after the events of yesterday. The principal responds in the affirmative, so Ekra goes to pick up Phyrrah from her apartment.
- Phyrrah is shocked to see Ekra still with the dirt and grime from last night on him. They head to Fenrir's house to pick him up.
- Fenrir decides he's done with affecting his grimy, greasy appearance. He takes a proper shower for the first time in a long time and puts on some clean clothes. He steps out his front door, ready to face the world as a new man, where he is surprised to see Ekra and Phyrrah already waiting for him, eating breakfast with Fenrir's foster parents.
- Ekra is offered a shower at Fenrir's house by his parents, and takes the offer gladly. He cleans up and puts on some of Fenrir's clothes.
- Ekra, Phyrrah, and Fenrir decide to head to Rook's hideout, an underground nook hidden in a tunnel in a mostly abandoned neighbourhood in the south of Ilrinia. However, while walking through an abandoned building next to where Rook's hideout is, Phyrrah spies a flash of movement in the ruins right of her.
- The three of them quickly try and run into the cover of the tunnel concealing Rook's hideout, but are peppered with fireballs from some goblin thugs. Rook comes out and a brief skirmish happens between the goblins and the party.
- Things go sideways and Ekra falls unconscious after a fireball directly to the back. Fenrir, seeing this, reluctantly gives in to his demonic energy and goes feral, goring one of the goblins. Unable to control himself, he goes after Phyrrah next.
- The two remaining goblins take advantage of the infighting and lob a fireball directly into Fenrir's back. The explosion takes out the rest of the party, and all of them succumb to their wounds, falling unconscious. (50xp)
# 2100hrs, 2nd of Mistfall 1892, Yros
- ... wakes up. He looks around at the three unconscious bodies around him, and wonders how he got here. He crawls over to a nearby railing overlooking a canal, wincing in pain from the burns that cover his back, and looks down into the water, wondering who that is staring back at him.
- Ekra, Phyrrah, and Rook wake shortly after, cursing their bad luck and realising the goblins had taken everything of value on them - their money, their phones, even Ekra's piercings. Phyrrah tries to call out to Fenrir, but the man sitting by the canal doesn't respond.
- As Phyrrah walks over to the man and taps him on the shoulder, ... turns and looks at her blankly. After some questioning, Phyrrah, Ekra, and Rook realise Fenrir must have lost his memory somehow.
- The four of them go inside Rook's hideout. Ekra reaches into ...'s mind and realises its completely blank, reminding him of how it felt to touch the mind of a newborn baby during his monk training. At a loss of what to do, he calls his mentor and tells her what happened. He leaves out the information about Fenrir's demonic possession to save ... the knowledge of what happened, but Ekra's mentor tells him to tell her everything.
- Rook, knowing that Ekra doesn't want to say it in front of ..., distracts ... with a gameboy he scrounged up and fixed. ... happily goes on to play Tetris while Ekra goes into Rook's study to talk to his mentor.
- Ekra's mentor decides to get the truth of the matter and astral projects into Rook's study, appearing as a ghostly glowing blue figure of an androgynous elf. She (with his consent) delves into Ekra's mind and sifts through his memories of Fenrir, causing Ekra great pain in the process. 
- After a few gruelling minutes, Ekra's mentor sits back on her haunches and sighs in disbelief, telling Ekra there is no hope for Fenrir and that he has well and truly died. Ekra notices she is hiding something and demands an answer. His mentor snaps at him and tells him it is his fault and that he should not have done what he did. She admits Fenrir's soul still exists, but it is on another plane. The gods have, for an unknown reason, elected to place a fresh soul into Fenrir's body. After admonishing Ekra for his actions and carelessness, his mentor disappears, leaving him alone.
- Ekra explains to the rest of the group that ... is not Fenrir and that Fenrir is completely lost to them. ... accepts this placidly and declares his name to be Ellipses. The group decides to rest from their near death experience in Rook's hideout, while deciding what to do about Ellipses.