- Rook wakes up in his room in the apartment he shares with Unc to the smells of eggs and bacon. He stretches and is pretty happy with the events of last night, until he walks out and sees Unc standing in silence, not bothering to look at him.
	- Unc admonishes him for getting into trouble with the Arbys, but Rook lays into Unc, saying that he was just protecting Mr Patrick and this is how Unc raised him and how can he be mad at him, not stopping even when Unc picks him up by the collar and slaps him like he did when Rook was a kid
	- Unc calls Rook by his birth name Wayne and Rook growls at him, telling Unc to call him Rook.
	- Unc eventually lays down an ultimatum: make amends with the Arbys or get kicked out
- Ekra wakes up in his boyfriend's apartment, wanting to not go home for the weekend. He spends the weekend just thinking about the events of last week, mulling over why he decided to help them.
- Fenrir wakes up in his room, still buzzed and not caring a lick about what happened the previous day. He spends the weekend raiding in Realm of Rampage and shitposting on Pandemonium.
	- He sees on Pandemonium that a robbery happened of an armored EchoTech transport in the neighbouring city of Mosskach, and it is suspected a gang called the Peakers were behind it.
- Phyrrah wakes up feeling horrid from the effects of the Green Raven she drank last night, and decides to cheer herself up by scaring a lady who is jogging through the alleyway under her room window. She hops over the windowsill and shape shifts into her ape form in mid air
	- She catches hold of a fire escape mid fall, intending to swing in front of the lady and scare her, but it sends a jolt of pain up her arm (which she realises now, is still very much a wood elf's arm). The  lady fusses over her as she falls, but Phyrrah growls at her. Though the effect is diminished somewhat as Phyrrah is still in the form of a young elf woman, her desired outcome is achieved and the woman scurries off. 
	- Phyrrah walks embarrassedly into her apartment building, her doorman chuckling at her, and gets to her apartment to see Sergen, her roommate and older tribesman, sitting at the table reading a newspaper. He raises an eyebrow and Phyrrah deposits herself at the table, asking him if he has ever had trouble shapeshifting. He shows off, showing fine control of his shapeshifting, and Phyrrah, exasperated, storms off to her room. 
	- She texts Ekra about her sudden inability to shapeshift and he reassures her it should wear off by noon.
- The four of them go about their weekend, and reconvene on Ruatis, in Elvish Language Basic class. 
	- Fenrir's gun is confiscated, as Mr Thorne realises that he evaded the metal detectors somehow last week. Ekra's weapons are also taken, but he gets them back after class as per normal.
	- All four are told that the principal wishes to see them right after school.
- At lunch, Ekra, Rook, Fenrir, and Phyrrah decide to go over to Mr Patrick's pawn shop to check on him and discuss the events of last Zymis in private. Mr Patrick thanks them profusely for helping him last week and gives them a reward: a cloak that allows the wearer to breathe underwater.
	- Ekra tells them about the Tisson Root and they all sit in shock, rumainting on what could possibly be the reason the bartender has access to this herb that is used by the Council of Arcaneum to drug spellcasters, and why he chose to give it to ROok and Phyrrah.
	- Rook tells them the ARbys are likely looking for them and that they need to watch their backs. In the meantime, he intends to talk to the Arbys to see if he can apologise or make amends, as Unc told him to do. 
		- He asks Ekra about Xerxes Fairchild and Ekra sighs and just says Xerxes isnt a great person but tells rook that Xerxes shares the next class with him and they could probably talk there
- Rook waits at the door to the chemistry lab for Xerxes, who shows up with two of his henchmen and scoffs at Rook's brazennes at approaching him.
	- Rook and Xerxes almost get into an altercation, but only the thought of losing his scholarship stoops rook from swinging. Xerxes tells him if he wants to talk to the Arbys to meet him at Arbalest Park, behind the school, at sundown, and to not bring any friends.
	- Phyrrah shapeshifts into a gorilla and barrels down the hallway, prompting a snicker from Xerxes.
	- Xerxes walks into class and Ekra glares at him, but Xerxes steadfastly ignores Ekra, seeming like he is still scared of him
- Rook, Ekra, Fenrir, and Phyrrah go to the principal's office, where they see Principal John de Bolbec, who sits them down and asks them for a retelling of last Zymis' events. He then tells them briefly about the history of the academy as a training ground for heroes, and tells them to keep their efforts up and that they will not be punished for cutting detention. He also tells Fenrir that his mind has been tainted somehow and to engage in meditation with Ekra to try and mitigate it.
	- Principal John also calls Rook Gawain, which confuses him as he did not know that was his legal name. Rook asks for the principal to tell him his full legal name and finds out it is "Gawain Brightsteel".
	- Fenrir is also told that the principal has left a present in his mind, and to learn how to master his mind if he wishes to find out what it is.
- The four head to Arbalest Park to try and formulate a plan of attack. Fenrir and Ekra work on trying to find out what the principal meant, and when Ekra dives into Fenrir's conciousness he sees demonic energy tainting every thought. 
	- The four of them find some info on Unveil about what Pandemonium might be, the birthplace of all demons.
	- Fen realises that he has no memories of his childhood friend Squireseth Gaith other than him showing Fenrir Pandemonium
- He manages to wrest control of Fenrir's self from the demonic energy and Fenrir suddenly is able to recall a memory, though not of his own, of witnessing Mr Thorne hide his confiscated gun in a cardboard box underneath the coffee machine in the teacher's lounge.
- Fenrir immediately gets up and dashes back to the school to get his gun, Rook helping distract Mr Thorne who is still in the teachers' lounge.
- At sundown, Rook is waiting for Xerxes to show, with Fenrir, Ekra, and Phyrrah hiding at various locations around the park in case something goes wrong. Xerxes finally shows up half an hour late, and openly laughs at Rook for actually believing him and coming alone. As Rook gets angry and swings his fist towards Xerxes, Xerxes summons a giant octopus from the large pond in Arbalest Park, where Fenrir is hiding using the water-breathing cloak.
- Phyrrah manages to down Xerxes two henchmen, but Xerxes gets away. Fenrir, Ekra, and Rook engage the giant octopus, but it knocks out Rook and prepares to drag him down to its underwater lair. Ekra, trying to save Rook's life, reaches into Fenrir's mind and submerges his consciousness in the demonic energy. Fenrir's eyes turn blood red and a feral grin breaks out across his face as he begins savaging the octopus, killing it with extreme ease.
- Ekra grabs hold of Rook's unconscious body and begins to swim towards shore, when he feels a dagger stab into his back and sees Fenrir, still wearing a feral grin on his face, raising his arm to stab Ekra again.
- Phyrrah catches Fenrir's arm, holding him back, and as Fenrir looks at her, he snaps out of it. Phyrrah brings Fenrir to shore where Ekra is waiting with a still unconscious Rook.
- As Rook wakes up on shore, he sees Ekra, Fenrir, and Phyrrah sitting in shock, trying to think about what just happened. They agree to all go home and discuss it the next day, and Ekra volunteers to send them all home in a GetGo.

This is a modern fantasy world where magic and technology coexist, with tinges of cyberpunk. Unc is a large, buff human man in his late forties who is bald and covered in tattoos everywhere except for his face. Unc founded the Front Libere, a gang in the city of Ilrinia, and took in Rook, who was Unc's brother's son, after Rook's parents died. Unc lives in a poorer neigbourhood called Sporwick, and Rook stays in Unc's apartment. Rook is one of the player characters, a 17 year old human male who is a wannabe gangster. Rook took the name "Rook" as a pseudonym upon joining the Front Libere, as it is tradition for the gang to give up their old names and take on new ones to represent their new identities in the Front Libere. Rook's birth name, though he did not find it out until this session, is Gawain Brightsteel, which is why Unc called him Wayne/Wain as a child. Fenrir is Rook's friend from school and another one of the player characters. He is a 17 year old human male who is tall and lanky with greasy hair and dresses with a punk/metal aesthetic. Fenrir is very active on a forum called Pandemonium, which unbeknownst to him, is a secret website meant to only be used by demons, which is why Fenrir (and other humans over the years) is slowly growing more mad and demonic. Phyrrah is another schoolmate of Rook and Fenrir, and is a 17 year old female wood elf and another one of the player characters. In this setting, wood elves are more tribal in nature, and Phyrrah's tribe are servants of a Monkey God named Flingar, which makes her and the rest of the tribe look like typical fantasy wood elves except much bulkier, hairier, and with completely white hair. Ekra, another one of the player characters, is a 17 year old human male and was trained as a monk for most of his childhood, which has led to the ability to reach beyond the limits of his body with his conciousness, enabling telepathy and limited mental manipulation. Xerxes Fairchild is a 17 year old human male in the same school, Arbalest Academy, as Rook, Phyrrah, Fenrir, and Ekra, and also happened to be training as a monk at the same temple as Ekra in his childhood, though he failed out. Xerxes is also a member of the Arbys, a gang in the suburban neighbourhood (called Arbalest) that the school is located in. The Arbys are a small gang that has recently showed up in the neighbourhood of Arbalest, where the player characters' school is located in. They wear black bandanas around their faces as a calling card, and perform robberies on shops in the area as well as sell drugs that they buy from other gangs in the city to the private school kids in Arbalest. Xerxes Fairchild is a member of the Arbys, as the player characters discovered after they foiled one of the Arbys' robberies last session. The Arbys are after the player characters as during that clash, they killed one of the Arbys. In the last session, Rook brought Ekra, Phyrrah, and Fenrir to a nightclub affiliated with the Front Libere, and the bartender gave Rook and Phyrrah a cocktail called the Green Raven, saying it was of his own invention. The cocktail was laced with a few drugs, but most importantly a drug that was made from the Tisson Root, a herb that when imbibed, dulls the ability to cast magic and slows the movements of the user. The Council of Arcaneum, which is an organisation that controls and registers spellcasters in the region, uses this drug to dull the spellcasting ability of any spellcasters who refuse to register themselves under the Council or one of its affiliated guilds. Phyrrah has a limited magical ability to shapeshift into monkeys, apes, and other simian species because of an inherent ability that her tribe shares, but many in the tribe are druids and train themselves to shapeshift for longer periods of time and into other animal forms. Phyrrah is working on developing this ability. Once a person has trained to be aware of their consciousness as separate from their body, they are able to train their mind to reach beyond the limits of their physical body and into the consciousnesses of other people. Ekra is able to do this, as a result of his training as a monk, and is able to reach into the minds of others to communicate with them telepathically, as well as a limited ability to manipulate their consciousness, as he did to Fenrir to pull his mind out of the influence of the demonic energy in his mind. Arbalest Park is a suburban park behind Arbalest Academy, where a lot of the residents of the neighbourhood go to relax. There is a large reservoir in the middle of the park, where a giant octopus has made its lair years ago. Fenrir's time spent on Pandemonium has tainted his mind with the thought patterns and influence of the demons that use the forum, leading to a very chaotic and violent personality. When Ekra pushed Fenrir's consciousness deeper into the maelstrom of demonic energy in his mind, Fenrir lost his sense of self and the demonic energy took over his body with the only goal being to cause chaos and violence.