- Zel'eon stands outside his clinic with Dregdul the morning after the robbery, looking at the skid marks on the road and discussing how they will handle being under attack from the Peakers
- Saziver wakes up in a cold sweat and immediately checks if EchoTech is tracking the chip - they are not, but they are tracking an assault rifle that Arche took from one of the guards, and a helmet that they have lost signal of
- Zel'eon cooks breakfast for Arche, Senzorin, Dregdul, and Saziver, who arrives at Zel's clinic after he is called over
- As Saziver expounds the importance of getting rid of the assault rifle as soon as possible, there is a knock at the front doors of the clinic. Zel'eon goes to see an EchoTech employee, a bulky dark skinned middle aged woman with completely white hair in a finely made black suit, standing outside his clinic.
- The woman tells Zel'eon that EchoTech knows the assault rifle is with them, and enquires if Zel'eon happened to take anything else from the scene. After Zel'eon denies it, the woman gets extremely suspicious and threatens him, but after gaining no ground, she tells him that she will be back.
- Zel'eon, thinking they know he has the chip, goes upstairs to his workshop and destroys all evidence of the chip as best he can. Saziver and Senzorin prepare to leave to avoid any trouble with EchoTech.
- Zel'eon and Arche wait at the clinic's entrance for EchoTech to arrive, intending to avoid a fight and give them what they want. However, as they are surprised by the glass front door breaking as armed EchoTech guards storm in, Arche accidentally sends the medical gauze wrapped assault rifle in her arms towards one of the guards, shattering his HUD goggles.
- Arche and Zel'eon try and surrender immediately, kneeling at gunpoint while the EchoTech employee sends one of the guards up to search the rest of the clinic. She gets a message from him and gets a delighted look on her face, and asks Arche and Zel where the chip is. Zel'eon manages to convince her he has no idea what she is talking about, but Arche suddenly switches her way of talking to a haughty voice and refuses to answer any of EchoTech's questions, leading to the woman growing impatient as they prepare to leave, taking Arche with them.
- Zel'eon suddenly spies Senzorin's motorcycle passing by the front of the clinic and shouts out for help. Senzorin, with Saziver as his pillion, swerves left and blasts through the front of the clinic, knocking down the EchoTech employees. As this was happening, the guard who was holding them at gunpoint smacks Arche across the face with the stock of his rifle to knock her out for transport, but instead, something unexpected happens. 
- Arche's vision goes black, and in the blackness she suddenly sees the moon before hearing a soft voice in her head that simply states "Shoot yourself, Luvia." She grabs the barrel of the guards assault rifle and puts it to her head, and as the trigger depresses by itself, Arche's head is blown back and white glowing crystals shoot out of the wound. Arche opens her eyes, revealing them to be a pure white, before shouting an incantation in some ancient language at the guard who doubles over and begins vomiting blood and black sludge.
- Saziver hops off the back of the motorcycle and quickly hacks the remaining guard's phone, making it seem as if his wife just texted him saying that she is cheating on him and that he is the ugliest man she has ever met. The guard pulls out his phone and clutches his hair, yelling in anguish before fainting. However, that is what only Saziver sees; the others in the room watch as what actually happens is Saziver stares at the man, eyes bulging, and the man is suddenly frozen in place as he opens his mouth to scream. The guard's eyes roll back in his skull and he drops to the floor head first with a sickening crunch, dead before he even hit the floor.
- The EchoTech lady tries to clamber over the front counter of a clinic to read an incantation from her phone and cast a spell to get her out of there, but Zel'eon slices her Achilles tendon and she goes stumbling to the floor. She crawls over to a wall and begs for mercy, but Zel informs her this is the price she pays for breaking his door. With a thrust through the middle of her skull, Zel'eon's blade severs her brain stem and ends her begging.
- The four of them realise that EchoTech is going to be after them now that they know the chip is with Zel and that they killed three of their employees. They decide to flee to the neighbouring city of Ilrinia.
- Saziver and Arche go visit Saziver's mentor, an orc called Both Steeljaw. As Saziver tells him what happened, he grows grave and unexpectedly calls Saziver's mind back to the power the rest saw him use in the clinic. He tells Saziver that EchoTech has hired him as Both has recently discovered that he has psionic abilities because an individual with psionic abilities has a chance to pass them on to someone else after prolonged close contact. Both suspects Saziver has developed psionic abilities, and tells him as much. Saziver is shocked, but puts it out of his mind for now, telling Both that he needs him to talk to Saziver's parents for him to explain why he is moving to Ilrinia. Both agrees, and hugs Saziver, wishing him luck.
- Zel'eon goes to Dregdul's auto body shop, where he tells his friend what happened and that he has to leave. Dregdul understands but tells Zel'eon to follow him as he has a gift for him. Dregdul gives him an expanding metal shield implant to go on his arm. It is unfinished, as Dregdul intended to work on it with Zel'eon.
- Saziver devises a cover for the four of them as exchange students to Arbalest Academy in a suburban neighbourhood of Ilrinia. 
- Senzorin gathers what possessions he wishes to take, including a bunch of cash, and the four of them get into a car stolen from the apartment's parking garage, before leaving.