# Session Recap
## Aftermath
It's evening on Udis, the 6th of Mistfall 1892. Following their battle against Verminlord Skratch, the party heads out of the sewers into an Arbalest street. Suddenly, they notice a group of Council guards marching purposefully. These guards were sent to rescue Dalen, but the party decides to keep a low profile and avoid any confrontation.

As they continue, Senzorin makes a quick stop at Greenwich to use some of the money from his stash to get some pearls to add to the ones they got from the ratfolk hideout. Getting back to the house, Arche uses these pearls to identify the magic items they got from their adventure. Although they are weary from the day, the party can't sleep. Saziver is in the living room watching Blood Bowl on the TV when he notices a familiar voice commentating the match; Both Steeljaw. Noticing Saziver's pain at being separated from his father figure, Senzorin uncharacteristically gives him a pat on the back. 

## Weakness of My Flesh
Zel'eon, on the other hand, is in his room that he is in the process of converting into a workshop. Still frustrated by his all too human capabilities, and by the limitations of his implants being worn over his actual limbs, he decides to take a leap of faith. A scream of pain echoes through the neighbourhood, as the rest of the party rushes to Zel'eon's room, watching as he clamps a new prosthetic arm in place of his left arm. 

Senzorin, having been interrupted in one of his rare moments of prayer, stares in shock at Zel'eon's unexpected act, when he hears a knock on the front door downstairs. Leaving the rest of the party in Zel'eon's room, he sees Ellipses, their neighbour, at the front door. With most of the neighbourhood in their front yard, Senzorin successfully convinces Ellipses nothing is wrong, and Ellipses turns to tell the rest of the neighbours to go back to their houses.
## Plot Thickening
The next day, Saziver and Zel'eon are out running some errands. While enjoying some Red Dragon Bites they receive a letter delivered by a pale-skinned blonde courier from the Council. The letter, from Dalen Blackwell, instructs them to meet outside the central power grid hub at 4 pm and to bring the amulet. The letter uses their school record names: Zel'eon Talis, Senzorin, Saziver Copper-Fern, and Arche Kagekiyo.

Meanwhile, Senzorin and Arche go to the Iron Horse Tavern, where Senzorin saw a Thieves' Cant symbol denoting a fence. They manage to sell their gemstones for $500 to a pot-bellied, bald, middle-aged fence who constantly chews gum. They also meet a Miskatonic University student named Jack, a brunette young man with a sad demeanor, at the bar they meet the fence at. Afterwards, they receive word from Saziver and Zel'eon about Dalen Blackwell’s message.

The party regroups at their house to discuss the letter. They decide to meet with the executor, planning to hand over the amulet since they weren't planning on using it anyway. Before meeting him though, the party decides to check if the car they used to drive to Ilrinia from Mosskach was still parked outside the skyscraper and, finding it there, they drive back to the house to plan their next steps.
## Mind Over Matter
At 4 pm, they meet Dalen across the street from the central power grid hub. Dalen tells them they proved their worth in clearing the ratfolk hideout, and wants to offer them an opportunity to prove themselves further. One of the wardstones that prevent extraplanar travel in and out of Ilrinia and the surrounding regions has gone missing. This is not a huge blow to Ilrinia's wards, as the Council has had centuries to build in failsafes and contingencies. However, the wardstone is still a powerful magical artifact and could be deadly in the wrong hands.

Dalen tells the party to find the wardstone and report who stole it and why to him. He directs them to the central power grid hub across the street, telling them that it was where the wardstone was kept and to start investigating there. The party is still mistrustful of him, but he mostly pays no mind, with the exception of Senzorin, who he approaches, much to the latter's chagrin. 

Senzorin realises that Dalen is somehow speaking to him without using his mouth, and is taken aback. As the party looks on in confusion, Dalen directs Senzorin through a mental exercise where he becomes aware of a small nubbin in the back of his mind. After piercing it, he feels a rush of magical energy flow through him, and is suddenly able to perform a small act of telekinesis, shocking his friends, and himself. Dalen smiles and tells Senzorin that this should help during the investigation, and leaves the party there on the Uroim afternoon, looking towards the central power grid hub.