# Players
- Rafiq: Game Master
- Haikal: Zel'eon Talos, Human Enhanced Artificer 4
- Buzz: Senzorin Talos, Half-Elf Arcane Trickster Rogue 4
- Toph: Arche Kagekiyo, High Elf Twilight Cleric 4
- Dom: Saziver Copper-Fern, Gnome Empath Psion 4
# Session Recap
## Reconvening at the House
- On Udis (first day of the weekend), the 27th of Mistfall 1892, Zel'eon and Senzorin return back to the house after their heist at the Platinum Tower in the late afternoon (4pm ish). They are still high with the endorphins of running from the security at the Platinum Tower but giddy with excitement at succeeding without being caught. Senzorin collapses on the couch in exhaustion.
- Shortly after, Arche comes back to the house after her date with Jack, the Miskatonic University student, and the rest can tell the date didn't go very well. Arche collapses on the couch next to Senzorin. 
- Zel'eon hears Saziver up in his room, still studying for their upcoming exams, and decides to call him down to talk. Saziver walks down, eyes wide open from the energy drinks he has been downing while studying like crazy. The four of them begin to talk.
- Arche tells them about her outing with Jack, the rest quickly realise that Arche did not realise it was a date and constantly referred to Jack as a friend during their date. Arche, realising her mistake while getting judged severely by her friends, claims Jack dropped an "I love you" during the date.
- The conversation moves on to what Zel'eon and Senzorin have been up to recently. The pair tell Saziver and Arche about the successful heist, and they are congratulated although Saziver does freak out a little about the danger of such a act. Zel'eon and Senzorin also tell the other two about their recent sparring session on Zalaris (the fourth day of the week), where both young men learnt of some magical abilities that they had that they were previously unaware of.
- Saziver asks for a demonstration of what these abilities are. Senzorin, at this point lounging on the couch in his boxers, takes out his revolver, popping out its revolving cylinder to show that it is empty and unloaded. Zel'eon, Saziver, and Arche watch as Senzorin concentrates as lines of runic energy begin swirling around the barrel of the revolver, coalescing in a small bolt of elemental fire that shoots out from the revolver.
- Arche and Saziver are shocked at this. They realise Senzorin had previously demonstrated some measure of psionic ability with his limited telekinesis and telepathy, but this ability to fire elemental bolts from his revolver seemed incongruent with his abilities. Saziver surmises Senzorin's revolver must be either enchanted or some kind of magitech. Senzorin, in response to this speculation, replies, "I just be shooting the damn thing.". Arche remarks how Senzorin is going to save so much money from not having to buy bullets anymore, and asks where Senzorin originally got the revolver. Senzorin recalls his mentor, Einrow, giving him the gun right before he passed, and tells the rest Einrow gave it to him, but didn't know it was magical, but must have stolen it from EchoTech, which is how Einrow got so injured while getting the revolver for Senzorin.
- Arche, Saziver, and Senzorin remark upon how powerful EchoTech is and fantasize about taking over the company for themselves. At this point, Zel'eon asks if anyone wants to help him replace the engine of their Talos Sovereign with the one they stole from Victor Ralston's Talos Sovereign in the Platinum Tower. Saziver readily agrees, saying "I'm the perfect height to pass you the tools!" and the team heads to their garage.
- Just then, Saziver notices, through his surveillance of the team's phones, that Arche receives a new email from the National Library. He tries his best to pretend he doesn't get the notification since he doesn't want the team to know he's been spying on them. The email, Arche would learn later as she checks her email, is an invitation to join a course at the national library to access the archives.
- As the team enters their garage, they see their two vehicles: one being a broken down Talos Sovereign (a vintage sedan) that they had previously found abandoned in Mosskach and driven to Ilrinia in their escape from EchoTech, and the other being Senzorin's chopper, a hot-rod that his mentor Einrow used before he passed.
- As Zel'eon begins to work on replacing the engine block from the old Talos Sovereign with the new engine block assisted by Saziver, Arche begins casting a spell of guidance to assist with the process. Before long, the engine roars to life, working perfectly for the first time in probably decades. The team piles in, with Senzorin riding separately on his motorcycle, and they decide to head out for an early dinner.
- As Zel'eon drives the newly restored car out onto the street, they see a lot of families out in this suburban neighbourhood of Arbalest since it is the weekend. Senzorin sees Ellipses, their neighbour, tending to his garden, and shouts at him, "Where's my plants?" before speeding off.
- On the way, Senzorin requests they go to the Iron Horse Tavern for dinner so he can drink, but the rest dislike the idea and tease Senzorin for being an alcoholic. Arche pretends to want to cast Purify Food and Drink on Senzorin's beers from now on to make them non-alcoholic, but Senzorin replies, "I'll beat your motherfucking ass under the table". The team decides to head to Tom's Diner in the district of Greenwich.