# 2nd Mistfall 1892 - 5th Mistfall 1892
Senzorin takes inventory of his possessions brought from Mosskach; He is left with a comfortable amount of money, 5 pistols, and barely any spare ammo left. He decides to roam Ilrinia, looking for anything to do other than school. He manages to find a decent amount of symbols and signs in Thieves' Cant - a secret system of disseminating information for those who still adhere to the archaic concept of honour among thieves - denoting safehouses, potential targets, and dangerous places. He is unable to worm his way into any of the marked safehouses, but does notice that many of the manholes in Dunwich are marked with the danger symbol.

Saziver dives into school headfirst, even joining an extracurricular club in the form of the Computer Club. He spots one of the friends he makes there, a wiry half-orc sophomore named Zammar, using orichalcum traces in his circuit boards, piquing his interest as he had heard of the difficulty of obtaining orichalcum in Ilrinia due to EchoTech not wanting other magitech companies to crop up. He manages to convince Zammar to tell him where he got the orichalcum, but the half-orc tells him to wait until Udis and to expect him at Saziver's house for the information.

Zel'eon uses his time in his design and technology classes to further refine and rework his implants. He manages to come up with a new design for his leg implants that could boost his agility. In the rest of his time, he studies the orcs of Ilrinia, in particular their differences from the larger population of orcs in Mosskach. He finds out that the Ilrinian orcs have mostly gotten here through wealth and assimilation into Ilrinian society, and therefore behave very differently from what he is used to. He also borrows some money from Senzorin to pick up some healing potions for the party.

Zammar shows up at the group's doorstep, telling them that his father is the one who got the orichalcum, having connections to the orcs in Mosskach. He intended to use it to manufacture magitech in Ilrinia on par with EchoTech's products, but it was stolen a few days ago by an unknown party. He directs the party to his house, which is where his father works out of, and reminds them not to let it lead back to him. 

The party heads to the orc's house to check it out, and finds some tracks leading to a sewer grate behind the house. They deduce that the sewers beneath Arbalest must contain some sort of hideout for the thieves and they decide to find a way into it to retrieve the orichalcum for themselves.

Arche heads to the library and finds that the only way to get access to a map of the sewers beneath the city was to enter the library archives. Senzorin scouts the library and finds a limited number of options into the archives. Arche finds out that she can gain access to the library if she passes a free course held by the National Library, but that the waiting list for the course would mean that she would have to wait some weeks for a slot.

The group decides to try and scout out one of the sewer entrances nearby their house. They pry open a manhole and head down the ladder, landing in ankle deep sewer water. As they begin searching for any entrances or exits, they are suddenly attacked by two armed ratfolk.